BACKGROUND
In this event, the athletes are competing in tug-of-war tournaments. Each tournament consists of a series of matches. In each match, athletes compete as part of a team. 

An athlete’s intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a tournament. An athlete neither gets stronger nor weaker between matches. You can assume that all matches take place on the same day.

Athletes also vary in the effort that they put into any given match. Most of the time, people pull with a moderately high amount of effort. Sometimes, an athlete won’t put in much effort and will pull with only a fraction of their strength. Other times, they may put in a lot of effort and pull extra hard, beyond what their intrinsic strength would suggest.

How hard a team pulls overall in any given match is determined by the total amount that all of the athletes on the team pull in that match. How hard each athlete pulls in a given match is determined by their intrinsic strength, modified by how much effort they put in (a lower fraction of their intrinsic strength if they don’t put in much effort, or even more than their strength if they put in more effort).

The team that pulls the hardest in a given match wins.
 
Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

CONDITIONS
In the first match, Taylor and Indiana beat Quinn and Max.
In the second match, Taylor and Indiana lost to Quinn and Max.
In the third match, Taylor and Indiana beat Quinn and Avery.
In the fourth match, Taylor and Indiana beat Quinn and Blake.
In the fifth match, Taylor and Indiana beat Quinn and Robin.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Taylor ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Indiana ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Quinn ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Taylor put into the second match?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Indiana put into the second match?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Quinn put into the second match?
Query 7: In a new match later this same day between Taylor and Indiana (Team 1) and Quinn and Max (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new match later this same day between Taylor and Indiana (Team 1) and Max and Avery (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
    