BACKGROUND
An athlete’s intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a tug of war tournament, and varies somewhat widely from athlete to athlete.
Athletes also vary in the percentage level of effort that they put into any given tug of war match -- most of the time, people pull with a moderately high amount of effort,sometimes, an athlete won’t put in much effort and will pull with only a fraction of their strength, and other times, they may put in a lot of effort and pull extra hard, beyond what their intrinsic strength would suggest; this is contingent on an athlete's intrinsic strength, because stronger athletes probably tend to be more likely to put in extra effort, and weaker athletes probably tend to be more likely to put in less effort.
How hard each athlete pulls in a given tug of war match is determined by their intrinsic strength, modified by how much effort they put in (a lower fraction of their intrinsic strength if they don’t put in much effort, or even more than their strength if they put in more effort).
How hard a team pulls overall in any given match is determined by the total amount that all of the athletes on the team pull in that match.
A team beats another in a given match if their team pulls harder than the other team.
A team loses if their team did not beat the other team in a given match.
An athlete's intrinsic strength ranking out of some number of other athletes is the number of other athletes we might expect them to be stronger than out of that many total random athletes.
Given two teams, we can think of who would win and by how much as the likelihood that the first team would beat the other in a new random match.

CONDITIONS
In the first match, Max and Indiana beat Jamie and Emery.
In the second match, Max and Quinn beat Jamie and Avery.
In the third match, Max and Kay beat Jamie and Peyton.
In the fourth match, Max and Indiana lost to Jamie and Emery.
Jamie is strong.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Max ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Indiana ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Jamie ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Max put into the fourth match?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Indiana put into the fourth match?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Jamie put into the fourth match?
Query 7: In a new match later this same day between Max and Indiana (Team 1) and Quinn and Peyton (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new match later this same day between Max and Jamie (Team 1) and Indiana and Emery (Team 2), who would win and by how much?