BACKGROUND
In this event, the athletes are competing in tug-of-war tournaments. Each tournament consists of a series of matches. In each match, athletes compete as part of a team. 

An athlete’s intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a tournament. An athlete neither gets stronger nor weaker between matches. You can assume that all matches take place on the same day.

Athletes also vary in the effort that they put into any given match. Most of the time, people pull with a moderately high amount of effort. Sometimes, an athlete won’t put in much effort and will pull with only a fraction of their strength. Other times, they may put in a lot of effort and pull extra hard, beyond what their intrinsic strength would suggest.

How hard a team pulls overall in any given match is determined by the total amount that all of the athletes on the team pull in that match. How hard each athlete pulls in a given match is determined by their intrinsic strength, modified by how much effort they put in (a lower fraction of their intrinsic strength if they don’t put in much effort, or even more than their strength if they put in more effort).

The team that pulls the hardest in a given match wins.
 
Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

CONDITIONS
In the first match, Max and Indiana beat Jamie and Emery.
In the second match, Max and Quinn beat Jamie and Avery.
In the third match, Max and Kay beat Jamie and Peyton.
In the fourth match, Max and Indiana lost to Jamie and Emery.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Max ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Indiana ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Jamie ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Max put into the fourth match?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Indiana put into the fourth match?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Jamie put into the fourth match?
Query 7: In a new match later this same day between Max and Indiana (Team 1) and Quinn and Peyton (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new match later this same day between Max and Jamie (Team 1) and Indiana and Emery (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
    