BACKGROUND
In this event, the athletes are competing in tug-of-war tournaments. Each tournament consists of a series of matches. In each match, athletes compete as part of a team. 

An athlete’s intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a tournament. An athlete neither gets stronger nor weaker between matches. You can assume that all matches take place on the same day.

Athletes also vary in the effort that they put into any given match. Most of the time, people pull with a moderately high amount of effort. Sometimes, an athlete won’t put in much effort and will pull with only a fraction of their strength. Other times, they may put in a lot of effort and pull extra hard, beyond what their intrinsic strength would suggest.

How hard a team pulls overall in any given match is determined by the total amount that all of the athletes on the team pull in that match. How hard each athlete pulls in a given match is determined by their intrinsic strength, modified by how much effort they put in (a lower fraction of their intrinsic strength if they don’t put in much effort, or even more than their strength if they put in more effort).

The team that pulls the hardest in a given match wins.
 
Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

CONDITIONS
In the first match, Robin and Peyton beat Kay and Ollie.
In the second match, Peyton and Quinn beat Kay and Ollie.
In the third match, Peyton and Fey beat Kay and Ollie.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Robin ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Peyton ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Kay ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Robin put into the first match?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Peyton put into the first match?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Kay put into the first match?
Query 7: In a new match later this same day between Robin and Peyton (Team 1) and Quinn and Kay (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new match later this same day between Robin and Kay (Team 1) and Peyton and Ollie (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
    