BACKGROUND

In this event, the athletes are competing in a series of biathlon relay tournaments, a winter sport that combines cross-country skiing races and rifle shooting. Each tournament consists of a series of rounds.

In each round, athletes compete on teams. In a biathlon, each athlete first skis a short distance, then shoots at a target.

Athletes are scored based on how fast they ski and how accurately they shoot. An athlete’s ability to ski is based on their intrinsic strength. Note that an athlete’s intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a tournament. An athlete neither gets stronger nor weaker between rounds. You can assume that all matches take place on the same day.

An athlete’s ability to shoot accurately is unrelated to their intrinsic strength. An athlete who is intrinsically strong may be a very good shooter, a very bad shooter, or something in between. Athlete’s shooting accuracy in any given round is also somewhat down to chance. 

A team’s overall score is determined by the sum of the scores for each athlete per event. Ski performance and shooting accuracy are weighted equally. Athletes receive more points for skiing faster and more points for achieving a high shooting accuracy.

The team that completes the course with the highest score wins. 

Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

CONDITIONS
In the first round, Drew and Ness beat Gale and Quinn.
In the second round, Drew and Ness lost to Gale and Quinn.
In the third round, Drew and Ness beat Gale and Harper.
In the fourth round, Drew and Ness beat Gale and Val.
In the fifth round, Drew and Ness beat Gale and Lane.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Drew ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Ness ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Gale ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how accurate do you think Drew was at shooting in the second round?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how accurate do you think Ness was at shooting in the second round?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how accurate do you think Gale was at shooting in the second round?
Query 7: In a new round later this same day between Drew and Ness (Team 1) and Gale and Quinn (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new round later this same day between Drew and Ness (Team 1) and Quinn and Harper (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
    