BACKGROUND

In this event, the athletes are competing in a series of canoe racing tournaments. Each tournament consists of a series of races. In each race, athletes compete as part of a team. 

An athlete's intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a tournament. An athlete neither gets stronger nor weaker between races. You can assume that all matches take place on the same day.

Athletes also vary in the effort that they put into any given race. Most of the time, people row with a moderately high amount of effort. Sometimes, an athlete won’t put in much effort and will row with only a fraction of their strength. Other times, they may put in a lot of effort and row extra hard, beyond what their intrinsic strength would suggest.

How fast a team rows overall in any given race is determined by the average rowing speed of each athlete. How fast an athlete rows in a given race is determined by their intrinsic strength, modified by how much effort they put in (a lower fraction of their intrinsic strength if they don’t put in much effort, or even more than their strength if they put in more effort).

The team that rows the fastest (highest team speed) in a given race wins.
                   
Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

CONDITIONS
In the first race, Robin and Willow lost to Gale and Ollie.
In the second race, Willow and Drew beat Gale and Ollie.
In the third race, Willow and Val beat Gale and Ollie.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Robin ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Willow ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Gale ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Robin put into the first race?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Willow put into the first race?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Gale put into the first race?
Query 7: In a new race later this same day between Robin and Willow (Team 1) and Drew and Gale (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new race later this same day between Robin and Gale (Team 1) and Willow and Ollie (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
    