BACKGROUND

In this event, the athletes are competing in a series of synchronized diving tournaments. Each tournament consists of a series of rounds. In each match, athletes compete as part of a team. 

In a given round, each team receives a score based on the difficulty of the dive and the execution of the dive. 

How difficult of a dive a team takes on varies in any given round. Teams can differ in the difficulty they attempt on any given round. The same team may try different levels of difficulty on different rounds. The dives each team takes in a given match are chosen before the tournament begins and are therefore independent of the outcome of the previous round.

A team’s execution score is based on the average skill of the athletes on the team and how difficult the attempted dive was. If the athletes are highly skilled, but the dive is very difficult, they may not execute well. Conversely, if athletes are highly skilled but the dive is not very difficult, the team may get a high execution score.

Note that an athlete’s intrinsic skill remains constant throughout a tournament. An athlete neither gets more nor less skilled between rounds. You can assume that all rounds take place on the same day.

A team’s overall score is determined by the sum of the difficulty and execution scores. Difficulty and execution scores are weighted equally. 

The team that gets the highest score in any given round wins.

Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

CONDITIONS
In the first round, Willow and Avery lost to Jamie and Kay.
In the second round, Willow and Casey lost to Jamie and Ollie.
In the third round, Willow and Peyton lost to Jamie and Drew.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Willow ranks in terms of intrinsic skill?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Avery ranks in terms of intrinsic skill?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Jamie ranks in terms of intrinsic skill?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100% (where 0=extremely easy, 100=as difficult as possible), how difficult of a dive do you think the team Willow was on in second round attempted?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100% (where 0=extremely easy, 100=as difficult as possible), how difficult of a dive do you think the team Avery was on in first round attempted?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100% (where 0=extremely easy, 100=as difficult as possible), how difficult of a dive do you think the team Jamie was on in second round attempted?
Query 7: In a new round later this same day between Willow and Avery (Team 1) and Casey and Drew (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new round later this same day between Willow and Jamie (Team 1) and Avery and Kay (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
    