BACKGROUND
In this event, teams of players are competing in rounds of a synchronized diving tournament.
Teams compete in synchronized diving. Each team member jumps at the same time.
Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

Intrinsic skill varies widely from athlete to athlete.
Athletes also vary in how often they try their hardest in any given dive.
Each team’s score depends on two different factors: their overall dive execution, and their overall dive difficulty, each of which is ranked on a 1-10 scale.

An athlete’s intrinsic skill determines the difficulty of dives that they can successfully complete.
The overall dive difficulty attempted by any given team is determined by the least skilled athlete on the team.
If an athlete doesn’t try in a given dive, their execution will only be about half as good as it could be.
The overall execution of a diving team is determined by the average execution between the members of a given team, along with a penalty based on the difference in execution between the members of a given team. 
The team with the highest combined overall execution and dive difficulty scores will win a given round.

CONDITIONS
In the first match, Ollie and Willow lost to Blake and Fey.
In the second match, Ollie and Blake lost to Willow and Fey.
In the third match, Ollie and Fey lost to Willow and Blake.

QUERIES
Query 1: How likely is it that Ollie is intrinsically more skilled than a random typical competitor?
Query 2: How likely is it that Willow is intrinsically more skilled than a random typical competitor?
Query 3: How likely is it that Blake is intrinsically more skilled than a random typical competitor?
Query 4: How likely is it that Ollie tried hard in the second match?
Query 5: How likely is it that Willow tried hard in the first match?
Query 6: How likely is it that Blake tried hard in the first match?
Query 7: In a new match, how likely is it that Ollie and Willow will beat Blake and Sam?
Query 8: In a new match, how likely is it that Ollie and Blake will beat Willow and Sam?
    