BACKGROUND
In this event, teams of players are competing in rounds of a synchronized diving tournament.
Teams compete in synchronized diving. Each team member jumps at the same time.
Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

Intrinsic skill varies widely from athlete to athlete.
Athletes also vary in how often they try their hardest in any given dive.
Each team’s score depends on two different factors: their overall dive execution, and their overall dive difficulty, each of which is ranked on a 1-10 scale.

An athlete’s intrinsic skill determines the difficulty of dives that they can successfully complete.
The overall dive difficulty attempted by any given team is determined by the least skilled athlete on the team.
If an athlete doesn’t try in a given dive, their execution will only be about half as good as it could be.
The overall execution of a diving team is determined by the average execution between the members of a given team, along with a penalty based on the difference in execution between the members of a given team. 
The team with the highest combined overall execution and dive difficulty scores will win a given round.

CONDITIONS
In the first match, Max and Indiana lost to Peyton and Emery.
In the second match, Max and Indiana lost to Drew and Robin.
In the third match, Max and Indiana lost to Harper and Val.

QUERIES
Query 1: How likely is it that Max is intrinsically more skilled than a random typical competitor?
Query 2: How likely is it that Indiana is intrinsically more skilled than a random typical competitor?
Query 3: How likely is it that Drew is intrinsically more skilled than a random typical competitor?
Query 4: How likely is it that Max tried hard in the first match?
Query 5: How likely is it that Indiana tried hard in the second match?
Query 6: How likely is it that Drew tried hard in the second match?
Query 7: In a new match, how likely is it that Max and Indiana will beat Peyton and Val?
Query 8: In a new match, how likely is it that Max and Peyton will beat Indiana and Emery?
    