BACKGROUND
In this event, the athletes are competing in tug-of-war tournaments. Each tournament consists of a series of matches. In each match, athletes compete as part of a team. 

An athlete’s intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a tournament. An athlete neither gets stronger nor weaker between matches. You can assume that all matches take place on the same day.

Athletes also vary in the effort that they put into any given match. Most of the time, people pull with a moderately high amount of effort. Sometimes, an athlete won’t put in much effort and will pull with only a fraction of their strength. Other times, they may put in a lot of effort and pull extra hard, beyond what their intrinsic strength would suggest.

How hard a team pulls overall in any given match is determined by the total amount that all of the athletes on the team pull in that match. How hard each athlete pulls in a given match is determined by their intrinsic strength, modified by how much effort they put in (a lower fraction of their intrinsic strength if they don’t put in much effort, or even more than their strength if they put in more effort).

The team that pulls the hardest in a given match wins.
 
Athletes compete either individually or as a team.
All matches take place on the same day.

CONDITIONS
In the first match, Val and Fey lost to Max and Avery.
In the second match, Val and Drew lost to Max and Robin.
In the third match, Val and Ness lost to Max and Kay.
In the fourth match, Val and Fey beat Max and Avery.

QUERIES
Query 1: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Val ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 2: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Fey ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 3: Out of 100 random athletes, where do you think Max ranks in terms of intrinsic strength?
Query 4: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Val put into the fourth match?
Query 5: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Fey put into the fourth match?
Query 6: On a percentage scale from 0 to 100%, how much effort do you think Max put into the fourth match?
Query 7: In a new match later this same day between Val and Fey (Team 1) and Drew and Kay (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 8: In a new match later this same day between Val and Max (Team 1) and Fey and Avery (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
    