BACKGROUND
An athlete’s intrinsic strength remains constant throughout a canoe racing tournament, and varies somewhat widely from athlete to athlete.
Athletes also vary in the percentage level of effort that they put into any given canoe race -- most of the time, people row with a moderately high amount of effort, sometimes, an athlete won’t put in much effort and will row with only a fraction of their strength, and other times, they may put in a lot of effort and row extra hard, beyond what their intrinsic strength would suggest; this is contingent on an athlete's intrinsic strength, because stronger athletes probably tend to be more likely to put in extra effort, and weaker athletes probably tend to be more likely to put in less effort.
How fast an athlete rows in a given canoe race is determined by their intrinsic strength, modified by how much effort they put in (a lower fraction of their intrinsic strength if they don’t put in much effort, or even more than their strength if they put in more effort).
How fast a team rows overall in any given race is determined by the average rowing speed of each athlete.
A team beats another team in a given race if the first team rows faster than the other team.
A team loses if their team did not beat the other team in a given race.
An athlete's intrinsic strength ranking out of some number of other athletes is the number of other athletes we might expect them to be stronger than out of that many total random athletes.
Given two teams, we can think of who would win and by how much as the likelihood that the first team would beat the other in a new random race.

CONDITIONS
In the first race, Peyton and Harper beat Quinn and Avery.
In the second race, Peyton and Harper beat Blake and Willow.
In the third race, Peyton and Harper beat Ness and Casey.
In the fourth race, Peyton and Harper lost to Quinn and Avery.

QUERIES
Query 1: In a new race later this same day between Peyton and Harper (Team 1) and Quinn and Casey (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
Query 2: In a new race later this same day between Peyton and Quinn (Team 1) and Harper and Avery (Team 2), who would win and by how much?
